README.md, before:

# Mandela Effect
A Full-stack app that lets people express their creativity in a visual format. Created for Mitbean's hackathon titled "Pain App - Becoming Bob Ross"

# Who Are We?

![https://www.katherinevgomez.com](https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C5603AQEtzmhSSjWllw/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1607738092676?e=1642636800&v=beta&t=6u7yAa3fA5xgUSGSS_d1Qja5qqoIfJQGSmjsXx5EeiE)

Katherine V Gomez is a UX Designer specializing in Visual Design, synthesizing data and accelerating business workflows. I’m a natural problem-solver with a keen eye for detail, project management, and group facilitation.

With a background in 3D, I seek to use my creativity to make future forward, user focused empathetic experiences aligned with business goals.

![https://www.linkedin.com/in/jessalynnmoncada/](https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4E03AQFmYh3Bq6cdrA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1631508736686?e=1642636800&v=beta&t=8wiFmu5bRP2pYwRqSsfyEHicH0gTWABLsQiCu_K0LUI)

Jessalynn Moncada is a loving friend, proud daughter and inspired woman in tech!

Co-Founder/Host of a podcast where three minorities come together to voice their experiences in the tech industry.

More exclusively, a Full Stack Software Engineer experienced in Node.js, React.js and database concepts such as MongoDB/PosgreSQL, with a passion for digital design and incorporating that into my frontends. I genuinely enjoy a great challenge in projects - getting outside my comfort zone and learning something new is always the goal.

![https://jason-hargrove-portfolio.herokuapp.com/](https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/D5635AQHx__Ls0txhGQ/profile-framedphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1626440989394?e=1637348400&v=beta&t=4PeQL_zdvihHquIYJw31tSg9cR9I0niEiqUiB7UggIE)

Jason Hargrove is a Software Engineer with a background in fine art and graphic design, able to tackle hidden problems by finding connections between seemingly unrelated things.

Passionate about helping clients overcome barriers to technology with well designed, user friendly, unique products.

Approach each project as a street artist and developer by communicating graphically to provoke positive reactions. Transform thoughts into action to generate tangible and creative results.


# Links to project

[__Figma__](https://www.figma.com/file/4f3Shhq1Sgypp3CqLYvY13/Drawing-App)

[__Heroku__](https://www.figma.com/file/4f3Shhq1Sgypp3CqLYvY13/Drawing-App)

Commit message:

Added link to figma on LandingPage. Updated README with new text.

README.md, after:

# Mandela Effect

#The Challenge
This project is our submission for Mintbean's Hiring Hackathon for Jr Web Devs. The theme promt was "Paint App - Becoming Bob Ross". Computers have been a boon for creativity and imagination. Digital art has, for decades now, been a medium in its own right; and with the advent of NFTs, the future might be very bright indeed for digital artists.

Our challenge was to build an app that lets people express their creativity in a visual format. We could build ANY application we'd like. Whether it was a blank canvas that you can paint on, a photo-editing app, a shared white board -- as long as it fulfilled one OR both of the following requirements: * As a user, I can drag my mouse across the screen to make free-form lines. * As a user, I can click areas of the screen with my mouse to fill them with a color, texture or pattern.

#The Process
Planned project, and planned our limited time wisely. Got a clear idea of what were were building. Set up standup meetings on Zoom. Implemented JIRA. Aim low, climb high minimum viable product. UX created a LoFi Wireframe. Engineers used Create React App and updated README. MidFi wireframe and created canvas color palette. General app structure. HiFi Wireframe and gather SVSs. Nav bars. Adjusted app structure. Basic styling. Began working on the landing page by adding images and meta data.

# Who Are We?

![https://www.katherinevgomez.com](https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C5603AQEtzmhSSjWllw/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1607738092676?e=1642636800&v=beta&t=6u7yAa3fA5xgUSGSS_d1Qja5qqoIfJQGSmjsXx5EeiE)

Katherine V Gomez is a UX Designer specializing in Visual Design, synthesizing data and accelerating business workflows. I’m a natural problem-solver with a keen eye for detail, project management, and group facilitation.

With a background in 3D, I seek to use my creativity to make future forward, user focused empathetic experiences aligned with business goals.

![https://www.linkedin.com/in/jessalynnmoncada/](https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/C4E03AQFmYh3Bq6cdrA/profile-displayphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1631508736686?e=1642636800&v=beta&t=8wiFmu5bRP2pYwRqSsfyEHicH0gTWABLsQiCu_K0LUI)

Jessalynn Moncada is a loving friend, proud daughter and inspired woman in tech!

Co-Founder/Host of a podcast where three minorities come together to voice their experiences in the tech industry.

More exclusively, a Full Stack Software Engineer experienced in Node.js, React.js and database concepts such as MongoDB/PosgreSQL, with a passion for digital design and incorporating that into my frontends. I genuinely enjoy a great challenge in projects - getting outside my comfort zone and learning something new is always the goal.

![https://jason-hargrove-portfolio.herokuapp.com/](https://media-exp1.licdn.com/dms/image/D5635AQHx__Ls0txhGQ/profile-framedphoto-shrink_200_200/0/1626440989394?e=1637348400&v=beta&t=4PeQL_zdvihHquIYJw31tSg9cR9I0niEiqUiB7UggIE)

Jason Hargrove is a Software Engineer with a background in fine art and graphic design, able to tackle hidden problems by finding connections between seemingly unrelated things.

Passionate about helping clients overcome barriers to technology with well designed, user friendly, unique products.

Approach each project as a street artist and developer by communicating graphically to provoke positive reactions. Transform thoughts into action to generate tangible and creative results.


# Links to project

[__Figma__](https://www.figma.com/file/4f3Shhq1Sgypp3CqLYvY13/Drawing-App)

[__Heroku__](https://www.figma.com/file/4f3Shhq1Sgypp3CqLYvY13/Drawing-App)
